# ToDoManager Service - Instructions

## Overview
This server was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server stub.

## Running the server

To install dependencies and to launch the server:
./ npm start

To view the Swagger UI interface:
open http://localhost:3000/docs

Database can be visualised by means of https://sqlitebrowser.org/ by importing:
lab03-websockets\Server\database\databaseV3.db

To test the app, use the following credentials:
- Username: user.dsp@polito.it
- Password: password


To set the number of items in each page of the pagination mechanism, change the OFFSET variable in:
./utils/constants.js


## Implementation Roadmap
_Repo setup & test suite_
- [x] Analyze exam task & lab 3 solution structure
- [x] Adjustments to `openapi.yaml` (fix layout, add examples) and import in Postman 
- [X] Implement user creation workaround
- [X] Create automated test suite (with Postman test scripts) - TDD approach

_Feature Implementation_
- [ ] Extend Task Schema, add `min_completers`, `selectors`, and `completers` properties (besides completer count, task owner also needs to know selectors' and completers' info). 
  - Keep in mind: _"a completer is a task assignee who has completed that task. A task may have 100 assignees but less completers"_
- [ ] Adjust notion of 'Task completion'; now based on minimum completers vs. current completers.
- [ ] Add validation/error: _"a user who has already completed a task cannot complete it again"_.
- [ ] Allow owner of task to see: `assignees`, `selectors` & `completers`
- [ ] Make sure _"only assignee of a task can mark it as completed"_ still holds.
- [ ] Double check documentation completeness (w. examples)
- [ ] Double check everything works on SwaggerUI & Postman